---
title: "Day 11"
date: 2019-06-28T12:37:00.000Z
image: /images/butler.jpg
tags:
  - Week2
  - SSG
draft: false
---
I identified one of my triggers today, which is not feeling acknowledged/listened to and like my needs are being not being met.

I hate it here. I have zero faith left in what anyone here has to say.  I don't even believe in my Mom who failed to show up for visit with me tonight at 7pm.  I don't even want to use anymore.  I just want to get the hell out of here.  I'm plotting my escape.  Miss May said she would take me to the beauty supply store today and once again that didn't happen. And I'm being told that she'll talk to my counselor to find out if she can take me on Monday.  Well, that's no longer good enough for me.  I know how to get myself out of here and I'll just take myself to the beauty supply store.

I can't believe Mom who appears to win the supportive parent of the year award didn't show up for our visit.  She was supposed to be here at 7pm and here it is 7:50pm and still no Mom.  do you have any idea how embarassing that is because I told everyone she was going to come visit tonight and then she doesn't call or show up?  I'm done trusting people.  I'm fed up with putting my trust in what other people say only to have it not work out.

And I know the trip on Monday won't happen because it'll be Monday, July 1st, the day when everything changes around here.  So, of course, there won't be time to go on Monday.

Mom had better hope she never goes to jail or winds up in a convalescent home and I get the chance to show her what it feels like to be ignored or marginalized and embarassed.
