---
title: "Day 14"
date: 2019-07-01T12:37:00.000Z
image: /images/butler.jpg
tags:
  - Week2
  - SSG
draft: false
---
Today makes 14 days of clean time.  That's the longest I've been clean for since I stopped doing cocaine.  I realized I never went on binges with speed in the way that I used to with cocaine.  Slow and steady seemed to be my motto when it came to speed.

But back to the topic at hand, Step 1: "We admitted that we were powerless over our addiction and that our lives had become unmanageable."  I don't know if I'm ready to say those words yet. I can admit that for cocaine with no problem but I don't know if the same holds true for speed.

You know what I like about his place?  It makes me prioritize me.  I don't get distracted by trying to save the rest of the world.  The world and all of the people I know in it have kept right on spinning and managing for life to go on without my being around.  That;s an equally scary thought in that it shows just how unimportant we are in the grander scheme of things.  But being that somebody was calling me up or showing up on my doorstep with a problem that they needed my help to solve, I thought my not being around would have caused a larger disturbance in the force.

I'm troubled by the fact that Mom doesn't know where my ex-boyfriend is because I left my two dogs with him before I came to rehab as result of the fact that Mom was out of town at the time.  Apparently, he moved his RV to a different location and I currently have no way of finding him or contcating him because he doesn't have a cell phone.  I'm worried about Bear Bear and Noodles.  I need to ask my counselor Miss A is I can get Dan or Kim's number out of my cell phone so I can try to contact my ex-boyfriend.

I woke up this morning and was contagiously happy.  Last night before I went to sleep, I tried to do what Angelina from the N.A. meeting suggested which was to say "Thank you God ..." and fill in the blank with a list of things that you are grateful for.  That's how fell asleep last night.  That is once I actually tried to go to sleep.  I was up talking to Miss P until 1am last night.  It was good therapy.  I think I might have come to terms with step 1 last night.

Emotion/feeling words include: worried, contagiously enthusiastic, exuberant, grateful.
My intention of being is to be authentically present in the moment.  My motivation level is a 9.

I'm looking forward to getting to see my puppies again.  This week in particular, I'm looking forward to being able to go to my first outside 12-step meetings.  I'm choosing to abide by the Serenity prayer today which reads "God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference."

Does the fact that I'm so happy while I have no clue where my dogs are make me a bad mommy?
